Adding support for new config name (#2101)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Ingester: fix slow rollout when using `-ingester.ring.unregister-on-shutdown=false` with long `-ingester.ring.heartbeat-period`. #2085
* [BUGFIX] Ruler: add timeout for remote rule evaluation queries to prevent rule group evaluations getting stuck indefinitely. The duration is configurable with  (`-ruler.query-frontend.timeout` (default `2m`). #2090
* [BUGFIX] Ingester: reduce sleep time when reading WAL. #2098

> * [BUGFIX] Limits: Active series custom tracker configuration has been named back from `active_series_custom_trackers_config` to `active_series_custom_trackers`. For backwards compatibility both version is going to be supported for until Mimir v2.4. When both are specified, the old config takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Limits: Active series custom tracker configuration has been named back from `active_series_custom_trackers_config` to `active_series_custom_trackers`. For backwards compatibility both version is going to be supported for until Mimir v2.4. When both fields are specified, `active_series_custom_trackers_config` takes precedence over `active_series_custom_trackers`. #2101
```
